You're projected to do over 25 million
this year. The product opportunity is
make great [__] products that work
because people aren't doing that. Our
customers leave us these life-changing
reviews. Like absolutely life-changing
reviews. We're joined by Dan Murray, who
is founder of Heights. Yeah, I feel like
Heights is a veteran of the DC game.
>> From the outside, what is the founders's
unfair advantage?
>> In my experience, I had insomnia and I
was immediately given sleeping pills and
told to just [__] off. Maybe something
that I picked up on from yourself is
your ability to build relationships.
>> How have you found the impact of those
celebrity engagements?
>> It's absolutely authentic customer.
Nothing is more important than someone
being able to talk about their personal
experience using your product. Steven
Fry was our first customer, first order.
Steven Bartlett was in our first 100
orders. From the outside, it looks very
intentional that you have almost
bucketed these personas that you've been
able to extract through these
celebrities. You've recently raised 2
million pounds at a 60 million pound
valuation. I saw you post something
about you could have raised at100
million pound valuation. I love the
vulnerability to talk about this which
is something I've never really seen and
spoken about online.
>> Actually, we did have two years of flat
growth, but those two things made an
enormous impact.
>> Welcome back to another episode of DTC
Diaries. We were just saying before we
started that we're a little bit rusty
cuz we've been in the trenches during
Q4. So, uh the the last few episodes you
would have seen will have been batch,
but we're joined by Dan Murray who is
founder of Heights. Uh one of the brands
that uh we've we've been lucky enough to
work with ourselves. I think you're
you're projected to do over 25 million
this year. I feel like you're really
redefining
uh you know what it means to build a
sciencebacked premium wellness product
in such a saturated space. You're also a
serial entrepreneur uh angel investor.
Dan, welcome to the show.
>> Thank you. Thanks guys. Nice to be here.
>> Excited to have you on. Also the most
experienced podcaster in the room as we
were saying before we started. Um, yeah.
I feel like Heights is like you're like
a veteran of the DC game if that's a
thing.
>> Feels like it now. Yeah.
>> I feel like you guys was it 2018 Rand?
>> Well, 2019 we really got into what we
want to make and how to make it. 2020 we
launched
>> 2020. But even that from a DC
perspective feels like a long time.
>> Yeah, it's interesting, isn't it?
>> Probably seen a lot of different
permutations of the market. you've been
through the co roller coaster, come out
the other side and obviously now
>> um growing I'm assuming faster than ever
based on what we're seeing in the in the
media and some of the things that have
been going on for you guys.
>> Um so really excited to kind of dive
into that to that journey and
>> um some of the fundraising, some of your
your growth and how your role maybe has
changed in in the business. But as with
most guests, want to start with a bit of
like context on the backstory. Maybe
like a 2 to 3 minute um if it's possible
to cram it into that time.
>> I can try.
>> Um yeah. How the brand how did the brand
come to be? What was the idea? What was
the um what led to its inception?
>> So uh my business partner Joel and I
were running a previous business before
called Grabble. Um it was a hyperrowth
classic VC startup. uh millions of
users, great go great great highs, lots
of awards, won an award from the queen,
like all sorts of awesome [__] and then
it failed and so we were like depressed
and embarrassed and thought obviously
that probably been focusing on the wrong
things. Um and uh the
like during the experience like we both
ended up with quite bad mental health
problems. I think generally it comes
from working so hard, maybe having the
wrong influences around you in terms of
like the hustle grind culture mentality.
Um, and taking it really to the nth
degree. So like no time off, no breaks,
no nothing, no relationships, nothing
other than just each other, the team,
early mornings, late nights, like you
know, living in the office, like all of
the really genuinely incredibly
stereotypical things. Like lived through
all of them. We did all of them. Um, and
it was [__] great. like I loved it
and I have like no regrets. Um just
would have been nice to have a great
outcome from it all. Um but over the
period I I picked up insomnia. Um so I
had insomnia for 6 months. Joel had
really terrible gut health issues. Um we
uh it's interesting. If you have gut
health issues, you go to the doctor, the
doctor um immediately knows two things.
One, it could be stress. It's quite
commonly known. And two, and it probably
is because he's explaining his
lifestyle. um and two um that you need
to go and see a like nutritionist or
dietitian because it's your stomach,
it's your gut, it's very obvious it's
food, it's all related in my case. So he
went and did that and and he got
supplements to help and put through a
process and like really started to
understand like gut health and learn
about it through his own experience,
right? In my experience, I had insomnia
and so I was immediately given sleeping
pills and told to just [__] off. Um and
uh and then when it didn't go away, I
was like, "Okay, well then maybe you got
a mental health problem. Go see a
psychologist. Go see a psychologist. Um
go do like sleep apnoa like this stuff
inside a hospital so that we can watch
you." Like all of this stuff that you do
and none of it worked. And then after 6
months a friend said, um, "Have you been
to see a dietitian?" And I was like,
"Why would I go and do that? Like you
know that's for gut health, right?
That's what Joel's doing." Uh no, no, I
mean you've tried everything else. Like
maybe you should go and do that. And I
did. And the dietitian was immediately
because I was able to say, "Listen, it's
been 6 months. I've tried all of these
psychological interventions." She very
simply was like, "It's probably a
nutritional intervention." Like, "Your
brain is an organ. You're right. This is
probably a biological challenge." And
the reason I think that is because
you've just told me all of the
psychological things that you've tried
that haven't made a dent. So, let's try
something else. And so, she just
recommended supplements. She said, "You
got to get uh DHA, omega-3, B vitamin
complex, and blueberry extract cuz it's
an antioxidant." Um, I was like, "Great.
I'll go to Holland and Barrow and get
these things." She was like, "Well, you
can't go there. Actually, you have to go
to Planet Organic or Whole Foods to get
these supplements because that's the
only places you'll find them in the
right doses." And I was like, "Maybe
you're not listening to my story. I'm
run a startup. Like, I do not shop in
Planet Organic. That's not my vibe." And
she's like, "Well, you can't get that on
the high street. Those quality doses
don't exist." And so, interestingly, I I
found these two things really
interesting. Like one, what? I did not
know that. That makes no sense. And two,
um, okay, let me try this. Anyway, I
went to Planet Organic in Camden Town.
Still had the receipts. This is how I
got Planet Organic founder to invest in
our in our first round actually cuz I I
kept the receipts and showed her what we
were making and my original story. Um,
and so I spent £120 on three supplements
and took them home and within a couple
of nights I had my first full night's
sleep and was kind of mind blown because
this was so obvious to one medical
health professional um, and so clear and
so obvious and I started to become
really interested in the science but
then also this inkling that she'd said
which is like you can't go to the high
street, you have to go to these fancy
stores and I was just like I don't
understand this and as the more I
researched supplements the more I
realized that um, it's a really
interesting space where there's an
unusual brand opportunity space, right?
There's a product opportunity and
there's a brand opportunity. And the
product opportunity is make great
[__] products that work because
people aren't doing that because it's a
race to the bottom in this space. And
then two, the marketing challenge is
actually that whatever you do, you can
only make the same marketing claims as
everyone else. So the best product in
the world can only say the same thing as
the worst product in the world. So
there's an enormous brand marketing
comm's opportunity. If you have to
remove claims, remove the ability to
tell people the thing that you do that's
better than anyone else. If you can't do
that, there's an amazing marketing
challenge which if you could nail and
felt like nailing it would come from
having a great product, you would be
able to elevate yourself amongst the
category cuz everyone still has to play
the same game. So these two things, they
really combined. with Joel's interest in
gut health, my interest in like well
really originally mental health around
um supplementation and nutrition. We
were both like there seems like an
opportunity here and and and got to work
in a space that we knew nothing about.
Neither of us had ever taken supplements
or had any interest in this space at
all. So it was quite an unusual start.
That wasn't 3 minutes. But you got you
got an edit button. So you do what you
like.
>> It's a good synopsis though. Um I think
you're another example. We talk about
this with with a few of the founders
that come on. you the example of
creating a product or a brand to solve a
problem that you
>> totally
>> had yourself which I think
>> I think that's common for for a lot of
the best brands that we've either had or
we work with it has that like genuine
appreciation for the problem how that
shows yeah authenticity how that shows
up
>> in someone's life that's not just like
tiredness
>> I agree I think there's three types of
founders there's the founder that has a
problem that they want to solve there's
the founder who's a great [__]
management consultant and understands
graphs and understands where there's an
opportunity to build something new,
which is very common in D2C as well, by
the way. Um, and then there's like
someone who just wants to do something
in AI because everyone else is doing it
right now.
>> Yeah. Interesting. I was whilst you were
talking through that around like solving
um like a psychological issue with with
supplementation. It reminded me of I
read a tweet from this guy called George
Mack who wrote
>> Yeah, I love George.
>> Yeah, he's great. He wrote I think he
was like fix hardware, sleep, exercise,
diet or power adapter environment before
software psychology. It's like a lot of
people jump when the when the um feeling
like psychologically stressed to that
like psych psychological fix rather than
looking at those fundamental inputs into
the engine the body. I mean, I sell
supplements and whenever any anyone asks
me my top health tips, I literally say
the same things, which is like go for a
walk and get 8 hours of sleep.
>> If that doesn't work, yeah, there's
other things, but like if you don't
start there, then there's no point. Like
there really isn't. And you know, it's
very similar to people who um you know,
you want to build muscle and people
don't understand this and like in the
gym space, but it's a bit like you want
to build muscle, so you just start
taking loads of creatine. It's like,
well, have you tried upping your protein
first? Like you don't jump straight to
creatine, you do like these steps. Have
you tried going into a gym and lifting
weights cuz just just drinking loads of
protein isn't going to help you? You
know, it's just like you got to take
these logical steps and they do start at
very simple stuff and people skip the
simple stuff and they go straight to
this extreme
>> especially in this this world we live in
now where it's you know this this almost
revolution of biohacking and
>> well this is very relevant. So um sorry
for hijacking this this part but this is
super relevant for how we started. So
obviously I'd had my personal experience
of what this dietitian had told me to
take. However, there's still this thing
where in 2019
um looking at market trends, looking at
what people do and stuff, everyone is
telling us like new tropics is going to
be huge. So build new tropics. It's
trendy. It's exciting. Your Chris
Williamsons and stuff like that, you
know, they all love it. Like you know,
that's the thing to do. And for us, we
were always like, okay, but it's a
perfect example like neutropics is like
this little sprinkling on top of all of
the other things. And actually, we'd
both had pretty serious health issues
because we were nutritionally underfed
>> of core basics. So, it's not [__]
exciting to say, have you got your
vitamin D? Have you got your omega-3s?
Have you got this? This stuff isn't sexy
at all. Everyone's been telling you to
do this since the 1970s. However, no
one's doing it really exceptionally well
and packaging that up together into
something really, really clear and
concise and [__] cool and brilliant
and powerful. But if you look at the
science, that's way more effective to
most people than any neutropic you'll
ever have, like ever. Because most
people are not getting the vitamins and
nutrition that they need on a core
basis. Full stop. So, it is like being
able to separate the noise of what
everyone's saying is exciting and
actually be like, I know this stuff
isn't exciting, but it's actually what
people need. Yeah, it's like trying to
paint the bedroom before before you
built the house, right? Totally. It's
like you need to do the fundamental
first. Totally. Um
>> I wanted to just touch on um you
mentioned your lived experience in your
previous business, the burnout, the
mental health that led to the creation
of Heights.
Um, do you think that's also then
translated to how you run the business
functionally and how you how you your
relationship with the business looks
relative to your previous
>> um yeah I look I mean no no one's in the
office past six but that isn't because
we don't think they should. If you're
listening you should. What the [__] you
doing?
Um but um I
do you know what we started I'd love to
I'd love to give some sound bite that
made me sound like an amazing boss but
you know we started in the pandemic um
and so in reality you know we
we probably you know the actually the
main thing that we did end up working
out is that we had people in different
time zones because we're working in the
pandemic. We hired people who originally
people came to our office in London we
had in Soho and then immediately before
their start date it was the pandemic. So
they were like from different countries
because it's London. So we were like
well go home to your family in you know
Turkey or Thailand or wherever because
like don't just sit in London. Um we
don't know how long this is coming going
on for. And actually in the end you know
it's basically like years right? So
actually in that example the person in
Turkey is still in Turkey. person in
Thailand is still in Thailand and we
keep having to [__] fly them back to
London all the time. Um, but you know,
because they're such good performers, we
just accept it. It is what it is. Now,
obviously for that, there's like a time
zone issue. So, it's like trying to work
out what's more unreasonable is like, do
you accidentally get everyone on a
24-hour time zone where it's not really,
you know, you're getting work done, but
it's not really clear what the
boundaries we should have are because
someone's in Thailand, it's the morning
for them, but it's the evening for you,
but it's co so like, who cares? says,
"We've all got nothing to do, so we're
all working all the time." That was
starting to become our culture. And
because I'd already experienced such bad
burnout and mental health problems, we
had to literally put in rules that were
like, "Guys, we love your passion, but
no, you can't work like this." Like,
because when you are remote, actually,
you know, the the countercultural
opinion is that uh if you're remote,
people [__] around and don't work. But
actually, you sort of overwork. You're
always working. You never really know
when to stop. Got your phone, you got
your laptop, even if you're second
screening. And we've got, you know, we
work in a space where our customers
also, which helps a lot, right? Our
customers leave us these life-changing
reviews, like absolutely life-changing
reviews. And now our scale multiple
times a day. So, everyone's 10 times
more motivated as well to keep working
and keep building. And so, we had to put
in pretty strict rules around co around
like around just no more work. And we
had to as founders, which is difficult
because you always want to work, leave
from the front with that. Now, we're in
an office. It's it's almost unspoken.
People come in 9:30, 10:00. No one's
really in the office ever after 6:00.
Um, and actually we've always worked on
a like uh one of our company values is
obsess over outcomes. So we're like we
broadly don't care. Like turn out to
meetings
>> that you're meant to be in. Don't be
rude. But like you know you are an
adult. Go manage your objectives and
your outcomes. And if you miss them,
there'll be performance reviews and you
might not have a job. But like also
you're an adult. Like if you are
performing that's great. Do it. Yeah, I
completely agree. We we follow that same
philosophy like you know it's it's about
the business impact not about the
necessarily the the way that you achieve
that business impact. Um I'd love to dig
into when we have guests on I I always
try and look at okay from the outside
what what is the founders's unfair
advantage or the thing that maybe makes
them different? Um and maybe something
that I picked up on from yourself is
your ability to build relationships.
um that could be from a raising money
perspective, but also from the
perspective of like how you have these
really authentic celebrity ambassadors
that that you've worked with as well. I
mean, firstly, would that be a fair
suggestion? And secondly, if so, what
does that look like in your eyes?
>> Yeah, it's interesting. I was reflecting
on this the other day. Um, and
um,
so weirdly, so I'm I'm Jewish and I'm
not religious, but part of being Jewish
is like you grow up with like weekly
dinners with family, with strangers.
Like it's just part of your growing up
like once a week you, you know, there's
not a debate. You like sit down and you
all have family dinner together and
people come and you meet new people, you
go to other people's dinners and like
that kind of stuff. And um I was
reflecting how actually for the last 12
and a half years I've basically hosted
monthly dinners meeting people um in
town and nothing to do with being with
religion. It has never even come up that
I'm Jewish. My point is that like I
realized that that probably had a really
big impact on my interest to sit with
strangers and have dinner with them and
just meet them and have conversations
and get to know people on a really human
level. And as much as I love social
media and I love connecting like
WhatsApp and like you know everyone
always comments I am pretty active in
like most groups and I'm like very
unstressed person about being able to
communicate on multiple fronts quite
comfortably. Um the thing that I really
pride myself on that if that my friends
know me really well for is like my
ability to sit in a room with my phone
off for multiple hours and just connect
with people like in a meaningful way and
that I don't like to compromise on that.
Like I don't think that like doing a
Zoom with someone is meaningful. I don't
think that doing stuff um virtually is
that meaningful. Like I always try to
like spend time getting to know a
person. Um and it's made me quite uh
well what it has is actually made me
realize that it's a very obvious
statement but everyone is basically a
completely messed up and confused human
being. And that also extends to
celebrities. So what's basically
happened is like over this period I've
you know been able to meet obviously
investors and you know experienced
operators and stuff and where other
people idolize them you know and secret
leaders is a really good example right I
built this business podcast 400 episodes
you know I I've interviewed 50 60
unicorn founders and asked them all the
questions I ever wanted to it was always
so comfortable for me because I'm I'm
used to sitting in a room with someone
for multiple hours and having a
conversation with them following my
curiosity which is all based on who they
not what they are worth or what they do.
>> And so um like on a really simple human
level if you show deep curiosity and
someone else's interests because you are
in like there's this great Peter Ducker
quote which is like the goal is not to
be interested the goal is to be
interesting. Sorry the goal is not to be
interesting it's to be interested
>> and if you are interested you you are
just going to be electric and you are
going to connect with that person
regardless if you agree with their
views. if you're just interested in
them, it will connect you to. So,
>> it's quite a long-winded way of saying
like that's a very good breeding ground
in general to then when I have had the
opportunity to meet celebrities, they're
very used to um sick of fans um having
to distance themselves a bit from any
new relationship whatsoever, whether
it's a brand founder or it's a fan or
it's someone that they're working with.
There is totally and I get it that there
is a like must make some space here. And
um I've I've always for whatever reason
been able to like break that down like
immediately like immediately like every
single one of our celebrity ambassadors
is a one of our actual customers and has
been on our like customer list for
minimum 6 months is our rule, but like
even up to two years before we start
working with them. Um they're all on
WhatsApp. I've gone for dinner with all
of them. Dinner or lunch w with all of
them. Um, and you know, I speak to them
like friends, but also I don't hassle
them, right? As in I'm not like trying
to spend time with them. I'm also busy,
they're busy. And I think that there is
this like really important thing like a
lesson for people when it comes to like
building relationships, which is a
you've also got value. Like put yourself
on a level with people. Don't like look
up to them. Plus, everyone is really
like you disappointing if you're going
to do that anyway. Um, so imagine that
you're on like a completely human
spiritual same level as them anyway. And
secondly, just be really interested in
their insights and personal opinions and
views around all sorts of things that
aren't about their fame or aren't about
their career cuz actually that's where
like you find all your common interests,
right? I can't sit and have a
conversation with Steven Fry about fame
for example or being an actor and
connect with him on any kind of level
because I don't have any lived
experience to compare at all. But I can
totally be like you know what what do
like even down genuinely with him like
about diet
>> right like what are your views on diet?
What do you think about that? Oh how
come? Oh really? What that about soil? I
didn't know that about soil. Do you know
what? I actually read this thing about
this particular vegetable. That's like a
random example, but it's you're both
having a super interesting exchange and
I know for a fact cuz I understand how
humans work. We're both coming away from
that feeling quite connected. And so
that like that connection is the pathway
to building these great relationships.
And when you have these great
relationships, you build trust. And when
you build trust, you can start to build
these great campaigns of people that
feel really authentic.
>> Yeah. I love that. Yeah. It's almost
like you're trying to find that common
ground. And there's that study, isn't
there, around, you know, people sat on a
plane talking to one another and what I
forgot the the long and short of it, but
the the the person that came out of it
that found someone the most interesting
was the one that all they did was ask
questions.
>> Yes, I read that. Yeah, exactly. Exactly
that.
>> They didn't say anything about
themselves. They just asked questions.
Um, and being curious is like absolutely
natural thing for entrepreneurs anyway.
But um I think the problem is a lot of a
lot of successful people in general and
this this is like the counter point a
lot of successful people are insanely
laser focused on on outcomes and what
they want to extract out of other people
and the annoying thing is that that is a
very welltrodden successful path for
successful entrepreneurs anyway. So
that's almost like completely counter to
how I would do stuff, right? Like I I'll
go into these negotiations with people
and like maybe never come to talking
about the contract whatsoever, but I'll
come out of the conversation knowing for
a fact that we're going to be working
together and that we're going to get to
an agreement that we're both happy with.
Um but I whether or not I actually
achieve the outcome of what I set out to
do, you know, Nick, our marketing
director, I'll come out for some of
these meetings and be like, "So like
what's the deal? Like what? Like what?
Where are we at? And I'm like, well, I
[__] forgot to ask. I'm sorry.
>> I still know it's going to happen, but I
just completely forget cuz I just get
lost in this like curiosity for the
person.
>> But yeah, I think that's this is super
like like we said again authentic way of
with of way of engaging with people in
terms of like turning it to like an
outcome for the business. How have you
found cuz I'm sure quite a few founders
and operators watching will will be
interested like how have you found the
impact of of those celebrity
um engagements and and maybe like can
you differentiate between what's made
like one of one of them maybe more
successful than another.
>> Yeah. So um the whole celebrity thing by
the way has been a complete it's two
things worth saying. One, it's been a
complete accident. And two, it's
literally the opposite of our strategy
by a million miles. And I will say that
the very first tagline I came up with
for heights, and I'm ashamed to publish
this, but was like um uh we spent all of
our money on science instead of
celebrities basically, right? Cuz I was
like so anti the way someone like
Vitaliotics was doing stuff where
they'll just pay a celebrity to be a
face.
>> And I've always been that such bollocks.
And then ironically look at me now. So
I'm like there is a there's a lesson in
here as well though which is like you
know running a a company is about
survival and you could be the smartest I
always give this advice to people I
invest in right like who are like making
so many smart choices and I'm like you
don't want to be the smartest smartest
most efficient loser right like you
don't want your company to fail but like
be the smartest smugg most efficient one
of doing that you've got to find a way
to win one way or another and like
actually like you got to also reevaluate
what your like principles s or thoughts
about the way you want to do stuff is.
Now in our space, I was obsessed with
science. Like I love science. Joel loves
science. We love science. We love
science communications. We were ramming
science down people's throats till they
were blue in the face. And there's
benefits to this which actually, you
know, Steven Fry was our first customer,
first order. Um cuz he ordered the day
before we launched, May the uh January
the 5th, 2020. Um and Steven Bartlett
was in our first hundred orders. And
actually, you know, like it's a good
example. All of the science consent
stuff is great for people like that,
right? They want to see all the trust
and yada yada yada. And so in a teeny
weeny little niche is really really
strong, but you got to get out of that
niche. So we learned uh science coms was
okay for us as early adopters up into
three or four million. We flatlined
completely at that point because we're
trying to now get into like broader mass
market of customers that don't sit in
this super early adopter narrative. you
know, this is like founders and a few
really intelligent people, but outside
of that, that's not what people are
looking for, right? So we got stuck so
badly and um we honestly got quite lucky
that um we were noticing I mean oh this
is unsurprising but like our most
effective stuff that we done was like
you know either me on diary of a CEO and
then Steven promoting our product or it
was you know Steven Fry saying stuff and
we're like okay there's something here
like let's just explore it. Um I guess
what we've learned over time is the
reason that those things worked and the
answer to your question for us it's
absolutely authentic customer. So they
have to speak about their experience and
they can only really do that once
they've been exper once they've been a
customer for 6 months. So we were like
they have to be a customer for a minimum
of 6 months. They have to be a paying
customer. So no freebies, no sending
[__] out. Not for any reason in our like
to other DTC's do that, but in our
space, this is a daily supplement
they're personally taking. So even if
you're really [__] rich, if you're
not paying for something and choosing to
be a subscriber to that thing, you ain't
taking it. It's just going to sit.
>> It's like it's like giving people free
education, free courses, like you need
the monetary exchange conviction.
>> Yeah, I argue with my friend Simon SC
about this all the time, but I still
agree with you on this. Like I don't I
don't think it has the impact. Like I
think you need to pay for something for
it to have that value for you to be
motivated to complete the course. And
Ali Abdal who's like another really big
YouTuber in the space he he'll say like
40% of the people that pay for his stuff
still don't take it right so they pay
and do nothing.
>> So you know even just imagine the
psychology going on with people right so
anyway we're like um you know 6 months
they have to have what we've learned
over time. So let me fast forward my
current lessons on like how to make this
work. They have to be really good in
front of a screen in media. I know that
sounds very obvious but actually what I
would say is I am pushed basically we
have a lot of sports uh celebrities that
take our product. So basically two of
our products are used by the England
football team, the England rugby team,
the South Africa rugby team, the Ireland
rugby team like real like a couple of F1
teams as well and all the engineer and
pit crew. So we now have like a lot of
famous celebrities that take our
product. They do not work in front of
camera broadly. There are very few right
very few who have like the media
training to be electric in front of a
camera. Um
>> it's an energy, right?
>> It's an energy and I feel like story
tell it's storytelling with acting and
storytelling very different totally very
different things.
>> So they need to like we need to have
high confidence that they have that. And
then thirdly they need to like have some
kind of like um well certainly they need
like some national awareness in ideally.
So for example what most people do is
they focus on like how many millions of
YouTube subscribers or Instagram
followers you've got. Like for us, the
golden ticket is like ideally someone
has like under half a million but is on
like national TV regularly. That's great
because their agents always value these
like [__] Instagram followers that
are meaningless, like so high, but
you're not really tapping into that
anyway. You're tapping into their
ability to tell a story on camera and
use it in paid ads. So, it's a very
different thing. Um, and then this is
like countercultural. We've basically
learned like that all of our good
ambassadors broadly, they have some kind
of like some kind of controversial past.
Um whether that's like Matt Willis with
his like you know used to be a drug
addict or it's like Spencer Matthews you
know used to be a womanizer and like
alcoholic and whether you Steven Fry
with his bipolar or Steven Ber very
strong opinion you know all of these
people interestingly they tend to have
some kind of spikiness to them um which
isn't something that we looked for or
noticed but interestingly there is some
aspect of polarization broadly makes
them more relatable totally also out a
lot of engagement
>> it does the one the one that that that's
bucked that trend. So maybe it's not a
hard and fast rule. It's actually been
Ben Shepard. Um and the Ben Shepard
one's interesting cuz he everyone likes
him.
>> Like he he can't put a foot wrong. He's
on national TV all the time and he's
also super nice. Um the thing I think
that's worked really well for him is we
got really lucky that we were working
with him when he was 49. It took us for
a whole year and in the end he did this
Men's Health cover that we knew nothing
about and it went very viral for him.
Became a real thing. We were part like
the core part of his stack. men just
looked at that and like I want I want to
look like that.
>> Yeah,
>> it's perfect, right? Because you know
he's like well heights is part of the
stack. So that was lucky.
>> But I do think that having a bit of a
philosophy of who's right or who's wrong
um is is a helpful framing. But what I
will say and I think this is also really
important. Nothing is more nothing is
more important than someone being able
to talk about their personal experience
using your product. So, originally I had
a list of people that I wanted to go
after and I've tried very hard to go
after them and it's really never gone
anywhere. Um, by the way, a really good
example actually is Anthony Joshua. So,
Auntie Joshua been circling around with
for years, right? And in the end, this
fight that he's about to do, um, I got
offered to like sponsor him and all this
kind of stuff, but like I know for a
fact he hasn't been taking the product.
And so it's like I found that very
inauthentic. It's not really like of
him, not criticizing him, but it's this
whole team around him and everything
else where it's like even if bear in
mind that Jake Paul fight is going to be
the most watched maybe sporting event
ever. Who knows? It would just be
humongous, right? They're estimating 250
million viewers in a day. So that could
be great awareness for Heights and all
of the things, but it would totally
compromise what I know to be true, which
is that he does not authentically take
heights.
>> He doesn't.
>> Yeah. So, and he's not taking them
leading up to the fight. So, then I
imagine him getting on camera and having
to say these things. He's not
authentically going to Well, maybe he'd
have no idea. I don't think he would,
right? But if he did, it wouldn't come
across authentic. So, you have to like
have strong conviction on what you know
is going to work or what you know isn't
going to work. And sometimes a way less
famous person with a much better story
will outperform a really famous person
and a poor story.
>> Yeah, 100%. And I think you spoke
earlier about you can't differentiate
the claims that you can make within
supplementation, but your strategy is
impossible if the product doesn't work.
The product isn't great. So, you know,
these people aren't going to
>> They're just talking about their own
experience.
>> Exactly.
>> And there is no marketing reason why
they can't talk about that. They can't
say things like it's cure my mental
health or anything like that. We're not
allowed to use that, any of that. But
they can just talk about all the great
things it's added value to their life
for. And they do it so passionately and
excitedly. Um, you know, we filmed a
caravan last Friday. She like literally
invited us to come to her house in
Bristol because she was like, I just got
so many other supplements I've taken in
this b like these two baskets and like I
want to show them to you. Like I want
you guys to see them that is like a real
thing and that I've switched all to
heights and also all these books that
I've written on nutrition by the way in
my career which I didn't know about um
but they were all in her library and
they're really cool and they're like but
you know I can only do that in my house
so do you want to come and do that and I
was like yeah
>> of course I do. That's amazing. I um
because we we've worked with you guys
for a couple of months now on the
creative side. So I've really studied
>> I'm doing a great job by the way.
>> Thank you. Great job.
>> Um and we so I've studied a lot of these
kind of celebrity ads that you guys have
been doing. And I don't know if this is
intentional but I think it from the
outside it looks very intentional that
you have almost bucketed these personas
that you've been able to extract through
these celebrities. So, for example,
Carol Van, the post60s, sorry,
postmenopausal woman, uh, you know, the
Ben Shepard, which is almost the
professional dad. You have the Spencer
Matthews who's, uh, almost like the the
the athletic dad. Has that been
intentional? Because I think by doing
that, you've almost like increased your
TAM by speaking to these different
subsets.
>> So, so not at all.
>> Genuinely, not at all.
>> You just articulated it for the first
time.
>> No, no, no, no. Well, I was saying, so
what's funny is my my plan in 2026 is to
start to be strategic.
>> And I know that sounds absurd cuz it
looks like we [__] smash that
strategy, but the really interesting
thing in our space is like we come from
a fundamental principle on the science
that if you build exceptionally high
quality products and not that many of
them and they're combinations, right?
And they do different things. We have
one that's vitamins, vitals, one that's
bacteria for your microbiome, that's
biotic, one that's minerals, that is the
magnesium cuz it's the core mineral that
you actually need. Well, hydration as
well is is minerals. So, say those two
are in minerals. Um, and karma, which is
uh like basically a botanical blend, and
then vit sorry, and then thrive, which
is like the longevity one, which is for
cellular energy. These are all different
systems. Different different people want
different things for different outcomes.
But the point is um because we've just
focused on like what is the if if we're
taking that category and making one
product in the entire category. Let's
make it the best and how do we do it? If
you do that it's as effective for a
25year-old you know like Grace Beverly
for example as it is for Carol Verman at
65 and they are completely different
need states. And then also Spencer
Matthews doing a Guinness World Record
of seven ultramarath Iron Man
ultramarathons in in 21 days, right?
Which is insane. That's the same core
product all three people use. And that
isn't intentional. It's just based on
like as a human being knowing what most
people eat on a daily basis and the
nutrient gaps they have and the
nutrients they need.
That does cover the [__] basis for
these people. Now, there are other types
of personas like a Brian Johnson's a
really good example. Like Heights is
never going to be relevant for him
because he is in pursuit of perfection
and these people mostly are in pursuit
of progress. They're busy. They don't
want to take loads of things. They do
want to know they're covering their
bases. Like it's very important to them,
but they're all really busy. So, they
just don't have time to faff with his
like 100 supplement routine or anything
like that. A lot of people do and a lot
of people don't. Um, so back to the how
do we get our celebrity ambassadors who
literally like I once went into an
agency uh called YMU and I gave them 50
50 vitals basically 50 of our core
products and said give them to whoever
you want and let's see what happens cuz
they're always trying to sell me their
celebrities, right? I know this the most
common thing like my inbounds are all
just like hey do you want to work with
ex celebrity? They they love you and I'm
like but I don't believe it. I've and
they're like, "Well, no, no, they like
they love heights." I'm like, "I've just
gone on Shopify. They're not a
customer."
>> No, no, no. They definitely are. Why are
they under an alias? By the way, this
fun fact side story, this exact thing
happened with Ryland. Um, his agent kept
trying to tell me that Ryland Ryland was
a customer and I'm like, "It's [__]
not." Um, and it turns out his name's
actually Ross Clark and you've been a
customer. It is agent been trying to
sell me Ryland for two years. And Ryland
messages me and stuff. He's always like
saying, "I love heights. I love
heights." But I just did not believe it.
Anyway, I found out in the end Ross
Clark and he has actually been we've
just done a content shoot with Ryland.
Absolutely [__] brilliant and and
ready to go.
>> Show up on camera.
>> Amazing. He was amazing and like and
interestingly he's a good example of
someone I would never have originally
said like we're going to work with. A I
said no, but b I wouldn't have
originally thought we'd work with
someone like him because I don't feel
like that's like necessarily like
theoretical brand fit, right? But that's
where I've been completely wrong because
actually heights is all about, you know,
reaching your heights at whatever stage
you're at in your life and your personal
goals and where you're looking to get to
next, which is a deeply personal thing.
And I think initially I I focused a bit
too much on this idea of like what the
perfect customer looks like versus
understanding that we offer simplicity
and high quality, which means if you're
a busy person living a busy life, you're
a perfect customer for us. And you might
be busy at 25, you might be busy at 65
and everything in between. We're right
for you. And so this YMU story, I sent
it out to 50 people. Two people
basically out of the 50 obsessed. One of
them was Jake Humphrey, one of them was
Matt Willis. And neither of them were
ever on a list of mine. They've both
been two of our best ambassadors by a
mile. Um like so many of our referrals
come from them. It's really authentic.
They've been taking the product three
years. Um they both sign up. So this the
other side of it is like people always
think I'm joking but I'm not. I'm like
you know with YMU they were like they
love it. Can you send more? And I'm like
no if they love it they'll buy it. Like
>> it's really simple. It's their bodies
and it's their health. Like I'm not
their mom or dad. So like if they
genuinely think we're our products
better. So assume that 48 people didn't
think that about heights. I'm not
offended. Go [__] take AG1 or
whatever it is you take. Those two
people subscribe to Heights. So those
two people are the people that we work
with and neither of those people are on
my list and they're content banks. So
like the one rule that we've never
compromised on is this like no same with
Auntie Joshua, right? They want to know
unless he's literally going in like a
human being. Back to the point earlier
and signing up like a human being. I
don't care if he's like the biggest
person in the world is for his health.
But if he doesn't authentically believe
it, none of the stuff afterwards will
work. So there's no point even having
the conversation. So, it becomes really
easy with this kind of funnel lens. It's
really easy working with celebrities
because most of them are too busy or
they don't follow through or they don't
become customers or any of those things.
They just don't happen. And we are super
low ego about this. We're like, we don't
know who we should be going after. We
just know that the most authentic
stories are the ones that work. And that
is just whoever it ends up being.
>> I love that. Yeah. And just moving on
then, you've recently raised£2 million
at a£60 million valuation. I saw
>> you post something about you could have
raised at100 million valuation.
>> Uh I love the vulnerability to talk
about this which is something I've never
really seen and spoken about online
because usually it's as you put it like
a a stroke of the ego to get a higher
valuation. Talk about your reasoning as
to why you didn't raise a higher
valuation.
>> Yeah. So very simply, I've already
failed a company that, you know,
valuations got away from us. So it's
important to say that, you know, you
learn and you reflect. Valuations are a
vanity metric at the end of the day.
They're less so a vanity metric when you
can tie them to real outcomes. So in our
space, a very very safe bet is that you
might get 4x revenue on an exit, right?
in D TOC if if you've got good metrics
like assume your retention is good,
assume your churn is really low, assume
a lot of things, but four to six in our
space would be quite reasonable. So I'm
now thinking in in the mindset of my
investors like how do I know for a fact
I'm not like it's going to be hard to
lose the money if they invest? That's
one thing cuz actually I've already lost
my investors money before and I hated
that feeling. Like I swore to myself and
Joel, we're not doing that again. Like
our investors are getting a return. the
later people that come in, the smaller
the return profile is, right? So, at
this point, the tickets, you know,
they're they're a little bit bigger.
There's fewer of them, and the window
that you might sell in is is is shorter.
And the narrative, you're no longer
saying, "This is 100 XR." You're like,
"Look, I'm going to look at you in the
eyes. I don't think it is." um you have
to make your own assessment and I have
no idea what the answer is but four to
six is like you know exactly what the
current market looks like you know
because we get all those emails from the
the banks and stuff who send them to us.
So it's fair to say that under four
would be reasonable. Three is like three
becomes a no-brainer. 3x revenue becomes
a no-brainer cuz you're like four is the
lower end. Three is you know why why
wouldn't we? Now on the 100 million
thing, the worst case scenario that
could happen is like we do have a flat
year. Um we do uh we struggle you know
you you become an entrepreneur for so
long you notice that it's not always
just even your fault the world can
change and everyone remembers like
Russia invading Ukraine and everything
tanks suddenly like who saw that coming?
It's so random. So that tanked like the
world economy like quite quickly. Um, so
these things can happen, right? And so
as a result, like those things can
happen. Um, you know, everything could
turn bad and our revenue could go down.
And if all of those things happen, like
climbing back up to 60 still feels
really doable, but climbing up to 100
seems like really far away. You have to
genuinely believe this is a 100red
million pounds of value in this
business. Um, I think that's like a lot
of gaslighting that in uh that
entrepreneurs do to themselves. And in
real world terms, in the real world
where people buy companies, I don't see
it right. So that's the first thing I
wanted to make sure that we weren't
gaslighting ourselves as entrepreneurs
and I want to make sure that our
investors definitely get a return.
Secondly, we I think entrepreneurs
really focus on the wrong things. Um the
most important thing, again, this is a
lived experience from making a mistake.
The most important thing is keeping
control of your board and keeping
control of your company. Joel and I have
50.1% of control of the company no
matter what our dilution is. That is in
our contracts. And when you start to
raise more money, people try and pull
out contracts like that. They pull out
clause like that. Like, no, no, we'll
give you more money at a higher
valuation, but that's got to come out.
And I'm like, I'd rather take less money
and keep control. Thank you. So, no
thanks. So, there are certain levers and
negotiation tactics you as founders can
put in when you're in control. And so if
your dilution is really small, investors
never have much of an upper hand to
negotiate anything with you ever. So the
point is at different stages like what
we've done anyway at heights is raise
very little dilution. You know, this
round was a 3% dilution. So it's
absolutely tiny. It's virtually
meaningless to us, right? That's 3% on
the whole company. So it's like, you
know, even less than 1% to us. It's like
you don't even notice it. Um, but it's
enough to help us reach the next like
milestone that we need and keep all
control and the price that you pay for
that is like a slightly lower valuation.
But the again the valuation means
nothing. The only valuation that ever
means anything is the price you sell for
and everything else along the way is
literally made up. So I just feel like
there's this weird
narrative we've got ourselves in more
commonly because people want PR actually
and this is usually from the tech
company side but it's permeated into
other spaces too with a big number is
the big thing but like that that is a
very glossy way to tell a story and it
has nothing to do with the underlying
business and actually Joel and I have a
lot of conviction that we know how to
turn this business into a multiund
million pound valued company. Um, and
the way to do that is control.
So, it's that simple.
>> Makes sense. Uh, what's what is that?
So, you've raised that money. What is
that next like threshold that you're
trying to reach in terms of growth?
>> Well, you'll be pleased to know um
seeing as we spend money with you.
>> Uh I uh
>> why
this this year we went from uh 12 to 25.
I we're like close to finishing on 26
actually. Um but we'll call it 25. Um
cuz it is like at least 25. um which was
our stretch target and I think that's
really interesting because now the whole
team believes like start of the year we
didn't really believe that was possible
um this year like now that it's happened
we believe so um forecasting for end of
next Jan so Jan 2027 because Jan's
obviously a big month for wellness in
general so Jan 2027 would like to be at
50 million ARR um even though that's
doubling the business and so much has to
happen in order to do that now it
doesn't feel insurmountable at all. In
fact, now I feel like, you know, it's it
I'd be surprised if we don't do it or
I'd actually be disappointed if we
didn't do it. Um, and I think at that
point, you know, the real target here is
we want to be the most trusted
supplement brand in Europe, right?
That's the job. So, there's a really
interesting thing on our funnel that
we've noticed, which is like the big
celebrities with the good content and
stuff. is great for top ofunnel
awareness. Like most people don't
convert off the stuff, but it's great
for the top ofunnel awareness. And
that's our job, right? Our job is to get
people in the heights world so we can
retarget them with the content that you
guys make for us so we can retarget them
with science content. Like take them
down the funnel and if someone lands on
our page, like our CTRs have to be
really strong. Conversion has to be
really strong. And so the really
exciting thing we've done is invest over
the last year in uh in in in being the
first company in the UK and I think in
Europe, but we need to verify that with
a uh double blind placeboc controlled
gold class study on a multivitamin in
healthy adults. So why that's important,
multivitamin is the biggest category of
vitamin F. Um there is only one other
study currently that's done this way
which is for over 70s. And so this would
enable us to literally say we are the
only multivitamin in the whole country
that's proven to work. The only one
because this is something you do in
pharma like a double blind placebo
control study for those who don't know
means that not only do the participants
taking the study not know what they're
taking but the researchers don't know
what they're taking and the universities
that are participating don't know that
it's taking. The whole thing is
randomized. There's no way to fudge or
fake the data and the results have been
exceptional on vitals and we did this in
the winter which is the worst time to do
it because usually people do this stuff
in the summer where everything's you're
going to get better metrics anyway. We
did ours in the winter on healthy
adults. So when we published this we got
the results through now and they're all
really positive and I think this is
going to be like a total game changer
for us. We have to p we go through like
a process. It will probably get
published in a journal in March and etc
etc. But this is kind of like the start
for our next evolution right like each
product for us has to go through this
process so that we can literally stand
on each product and go in a very easy
marketing. You still by the way with
claims you can't make any different
claims. The most annoying thing. So even
though we can prove this stuff now prove
it in a science lab in a farmer trial
you still can't actually say any
difference. What you can say is that's
cool but is your one proven cuz ours is
>> so that's a big opportunity right cuz
just last thing on this is if you
imagine biggest biggest category of
multivitamin customers is not convincing
someone to take a multivitamin cuz
actually if anyone takes anything it's a
multivitamin it's convincing them that
yours is better than theirs and it's not
guesswork. It's like this is a
scientific fact and if you don't believe
us go back to your brand and ask them
where their trial is. And that's the
thing because people don't do them
because it doesn't feel like they're
going to get the good result
>> and it takes time
>> and money
>> and money.
>> Yeah, it's a few hundred grand each time
to do one of these trials.
>> I think there's I think that that whole
like expert
um authenticated
uh studybacked is going to be a big big
thing over the next couple of years. I
think we've seen it rear its head with
like the the opposite of that like the
bad side this year with some of the
things with James Smith.
>> Yes, totally. I love it. I love that
stuff they did with creatine. Oh, also,
by the way, I've been saying gummies are
[__] for years. When everyone's
like, you know, when when when do you
know if you'll sell out or like one of
those kind of questions, I'm like, you
see us make a gummy, we sold out.
>> Unless the science dramatically changes,
but otherwise it is honestly just a
sugar delivery system. It's bollocks.
And that was a kick up the ass for the
industry.
>> James Smith was completely right. But I
mean, again, if you really genuinely
make super high quality products and
you're very high standards and you're
not in any kind of way a charlatan, you
know that it is true. You can use gummy
as a carrier. It's just like it's going
to taste like [__] Like it does away
from the like gummies are made to make
them nicer. Yes. It to do it properly.
It takes that away. And actually I
always say to people with um
>> apple cider is the worst.
>> Yeah. But I I always say this with kids,
you know, as a dad, would I give my kids
gummies? Yep. Because that's better than
sugar.
>> So I'm not pious personally, but as a
company, as a brand, would heights do
it? No.
>> Yeah. Yeah, I think we've seen like the
negative side, but I think in a world
where um there's more new players, the
barrier to barrier to launch, barrier to
execution is very small. A lot of
Chinese factors killing things out%
>> it's like the things that are difficult
create moes create barriers are what's
going to work whether that's content
whether that's a authentication
etc. I think that's going to be a big
big trend.
>> Totally. And actually you nailed it
which is that most of the stuff is just
cheap and easy and minimum order
quantities to get started from China and
just get going. And so gummies obviously
vitamin pills um greens powders for sure
you know all of these categories maybe
not lios vitamins but like you know a
lot of these categories there you know
it's easy for five grand just get
started not worry about quality stick up
some slick branding and just get going.
And that is where this market is just
full of [__]
>> Yeah. You mentioned the growth rate
you've seen this year.
>> I think by looking at how long the
business has been and where you're at
now, you can definitely take like you
can take a view that growth probably not
been linear through that process. Right.
>> No. Exactly.
>> Um and I don't think any ecom business's
growth is like a linear path
>> or any business
>> or any business. Any business it's it's
a series of
>> weird except for IM8 weirdly.
>> Yeah. Except for them. Except for them.
>> I wonder how
Um, but I think yeah, it'd be
interesting to know one note I had down
was just like what have been some of
those like big inflection points and
that doesn't necessarily just need to be
like marketing. It could be like
personal growth. It could be people
>> to isolate maybe a couple of those over
the last few years.
>> That's a good question. I mean, but
let's start on the other part which you
referenced but we didn't you didn't ask
which is like actually we did have two
years of flat growth um and it was
[__] painful and you know we we did a
round in 2021
um and
it was an amazing it was just a great
round people great feeling and then
we've pretty much from the [__] month
that happened just flatlined at 5
million for about 2 years tough to keep
I think it's really everything is easier
Yeah, especially with people when you
are winning. I feel like it was in terms
of motivation, culture,
>> totally energy
>> and we had 25 people.
>> Yeah.
>> Um at 5 million and we were really
pushing. We launched in America and did
all of this stuff and it just didn't go
anywhere.
>> And so we basically got to a real crunch
time where writing was on the wall. Uh
cost of living crisis came up, Russia,
Ukraine, all of these things are really
starting to take effect in 2022. I
realized that if we didn't let go of
almost everyone, um, we were going to be
[__] We had these really, you know,
we'd hired great senior team to catapult
us to the next period, etc., etc. It
just did not work. It didn't gel. It
didn't happen. And so, we end up having
to get rid of 75% of our employee force
went down to basically six people on top
of Joel and I. Um, our salaries cut in
half. We just basically went into cash
preservation mode. um based on
experience again, right? This wasn't
like urgent in theory, but it was the
right thing to do because we were
spending on growth and it wasn't going
anywhere. So like we knew that what
we're doing isn't working and with the
team that we have, it isn't working, but
the cash burn is enormous cuz the team
is experienced and senior. So we did
this bold move and got rid of pretty
much everyone unless they were like
quite junior.
>> Mhm.
>> And um and kind of built up again and
started again. And you know for context
we're at 25 million now this month and
uh 21 people.
>> Okay.
>> So you know that just shows you 25
people with 5 million 21 people with 25
million. So there was bad leadership
decisions from us like things that we
were doing wrong bad processes you name
it. Um but whatever we were doing wasn't
working. And so that was one thing to
say which is like resetting from that
point. And in that reset period, you
know, there is another side of it which
is because of the way we do stuff at
heights, which is like this has to be
the most scientifically credible product
blah blah blah blah blah. Um, we only
had one product in the market for 3
years, right? So, vitals was our only
product. Biotic, which is our second
product, we kept thinking was about to
come out, but then it failed the next
test that we were trying to get, right?
which is like we were trying to make
this product proven to go from the mouth
all the way through to the colon and
survive the stomach journey which is a
uniquely difficult thing to do that uh
no one else was doing and focusing on
but all of our you know most impressive
scientists we spoke to were like that's
actually the job of the probiotic like
if the if it doesn't matter how many
CFUs life bacteria basically are in the
capsule inside the bottle that's what
the industry markets what matters is how
How many have got your colon through
your body?
>> That's the job. So we were like that
sounds like a great challenge. Let's try
and do that. It turns out it was much
harder than we thought. So it took three
and a half years. Um
>> ignorance is bliss.
>> Totally. And like would I mean over the
long term yes we would have done the
same thing again but like it was very
painful because
>> obviously having just invest and having
two products
>> and having two products will do a lot
for your revenue over one product.
everyone else in the space, everyone I'm
sure that you've ever seen with vitamins
broadly, you know, they'll go broad
rather than deep. Whereas we kept like
sticking with the same product, updating
it, more trials, more tests, more
evidence, updating the vitamin quantity
and quality every time we could. That
was like the job of us with vitals. So
our inflection point that year was um
what we're doing is not working. It was
called the smart supplement, right? And
it was really focused on brain health
and brain and f like brain messaging in
general because obviously this was based
on like my story my journey what I'd
learned and it would really work for
people like Steven Fry Steven Bart like
these people like brain brain brain
great wasn't working broadly for other
people so took a low ego approach across
the whole business which is like hey
assume that we don't know anything and
that actually everything is wrong how do
we go about like a testing process to
get this right because when we put
people through to our [__] website
they're not converting So some things
are the two big changes the inflection
points and I love to share this which is
cuz I think they're so interesting.
Probably the biggest change of all in
conversion rates and everything was
changing the name the smart supplement
to vitals
>> positioning
>> positioning product naming never gets
talked about. No one talks about the
importance of that. We knew the smart
supplement was clever but it wasn't
quite right. It always needed
explaining. vitals doesn't need that
much explaining. It still does like what
is it? But it's vitamins, vitals, etc.
And there's just something about it that
made people be like, "Guy, I need my
vitals." Sure. So, that one thing,
enormous lift. And then the second thing
was moving like away from just like
really focused brain messaging because
the problem that we had, by the way, was
people we were learning now we're taking
vitals and a multivitamin. So, we're
doing a really bad job of explaining
it's brain and body. But the point is
it's brain as well because it's
omega-3s. It's antioxidants. It's things
you don't get in a multivitamin. We've
added them to your multivitamin and made
it brain and body. We're doing such a
bad job of communicating that through
our messaging matrix that people are
buying a multivitamin too. So, actually
getting too much, which is actually not
good for them, right? So, we were like,
okay, there's messaging work to be done.
Those two things and a commitment to
spending barely anything on growth,
>> accepting that we were not going to
grow. Instead of like forcing it, we
spent like a year being like, let's just
work on messaging. And this took quite a
long time, by the way. about six months
of testing to get to vitals and broader
messaging on the product, but those two
things made an enormous impact.
>> Yeah,
>> I think vitals are really really good
positioning. The previous what what was
it called before?
>> Smart supplement
>> almost leaves you with more questions
than answers. It's like right what
supplements what what like there's
follow on. I I was chatting to our COO
because we're bu we're building out this
rating system for brands of giving them
a score out of a hundred as like a where
we think the benchmark what the growth
levers look like. And the one thing that
we that is almost the foundation for all
of that is messaging and positioning.
It's so hard when we get when we come to
a when we start working with a brand and
they've not got complete clarity on
that.
>> It's almost impossible to to make it
work
>> with heights. It's actually really hard
cuz you know the other thing is this is
great for TAM in theory but like it's
the opposite of what everyone tells you
to do. Our audience is 50/50 male
female. M
>> so like there's no like make this more
female, make this more male. It's
actually all just like just clear simple
scientific like
>> clear messaging.
>> Yeah.
>> But it's not very emotive to men or
women which in itself is really
interesting. We use the ambassador's
personal stories and relationships that
they might have to connect with people
to do that job for us. But that's a
really unusual thing again for a brand
like it is especially like supplement
brands. a lot of them we work with. But
I think it's
>> going super gendered is a genius is a
genius strategy.
>> Yeah. But it's it's almost your biggest
disadvantage but also your biggest
strength because especially now with
like Meta's Andromeda like it's all
about persona diversification and how
you adapt that messaging and angles and
you know how we're speaking to those
motivators and pain points within each
of those core personas. So the the more
that we can diversify them as long as
you can nail each of those like the the
bigger opportunity that gives you for
for you know incremental reach.
>> And then another really big lever which
is again this is where it becomes your
biggest strength.
>> Very common thing is our typical
customers somewhere like 35 to 55 super
common thing. They then buy
subscriptions for their parents mom and
dad.
>> Interesting.
>> Interesting. So that's like age benefit
and gender benefit, right? Cuz they're
like there's actually really important.
It's even more important. Like in my
opinion, that's like the most important
audience. Tricky to get on social media
in general. Like they all have a low
trust and all of the stuff, right? So
it's trickier, but we don't then need to
sell it to them at all. Actually, it's
like the existing customers who are
feeling the benefits who are like, I
should do this. My mom and dad great.
I think that problem of of
d like diverse consumer is a problem in
an early stage brand because it creates
a prior prioritization problem. It's
like which should I go after
>> and you try and do them all.
>> You're right. You're completely right.
>> But once you're past a certain level,
it's a massive it's something that I
would long many brands would long to
have that
>> 100%. You try and break through, don't
you?
>> You can build four different funnels and
you can access the full market.
>> Exactly. Look, when you go through
growth, you also go through these weird
things of like compromise,
non-compromise. I just saw an ad today,
well, sorry, a LinkedIn post from the
founder of Mudwater.
>> Yeah.
>> He was like, "We're launching coffee."
And it's like,
>> "Okay, but like your entire brand was
about like I'm breaking up a coffee."
>> That was the literally the whole entire
purpose of Mud Water is caffeine's bad
for you. I'm anti blah blah blah. Now,
obviously, it's his own product, the way
that he's done it, etc. I also think
he's great in general. I've met Shane a
few times. I really like him and and I
actually believe it will all be
authentic and stuff but that in itself
tells the story right which is like you
know
you just in this search for growth.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Where you know you're b you have to find
a new way and a new lever and actually
to your point if you already know that
authentically you stand by the fact that
you are great for men and women and yes
it is all ages and actually there's just
if you're busy this is the best format
and it's the highest quality and it's as
simple as that. you don't have to then
trip yourself up over how to message
later and change things and stuff. It's
like, well, no, we were always always
had that actually.
>> But Liquid Death launching launching
energy drink was another one of those.
It just feels weird for that brand for
the what they are, what they stand for,
what they've tried to do.
>> I bet it will do well.
>> It will that'll do it'll do amazingly
well for them. Um, but it just felt a
bit odd when with with the journey.
>> Who knows after the recent controversy.
>> Yeah. Yeah. You talked about the
inflection points in the business. I
also wanted to talk about your your own
position within the org chart. So
obvious like obviously you've gone
through it's multiple different
>> type or structures and different sizes
of scale. Um how many people did you say
you're up to now?
>> 21.
>> 21. I I certainly feel like every sort
of seven to seven people or every at
least every six months you almost have
to like reinvent yourself as a
>> Yeah, totally.
>> as a founder in terms of your role in
terms of what you have to be great at.
How has that journey been for you?
>> Yeah, this is a really interesting
question and spot on. Um, I
have been CEO, co-CEO,
CMO,
>> all the titles,
>> um, all the titles. Do you know what? A
couple of years ago, uh, me and my
business partner Joel basically went for
a really good long walk and it was just
sort of like, look, co-CEOing is
actually slowing us down.
>> And it had actually been really good for
us for a long time. like everyone says
don't do it etc. It had actually really
worked for us. But now we could see that
it was slowing us down and there is like
a good question on like who would be
better at reporting to who? Also, who is
a better people manager cuz that person
in theory should be the CEO. And the
answer to both those questions really
were Joel. Like he is a much better
people manager than I am. He's also um
like more strategic with more very
strong opinions on like you know the
strategic levers and stuff. And I have
always been someone who is very very
very flexible and very easy and like
like happy to do grunt work that no one
else wants to do which you got to as a
founder anyway and really high level
strategic work and also jump on a plane
and go and do that thing with that
person there. So because of that and
then that Joel definitely less like that
for sure. You know I'm like have I just
turn up at the warehouse then I'll go
here and you know all over I don't
really mind like you know last week I
was at the warehouse on Thursday I was
at in Bristol with Carol on Friday you
know I'm back in the office on Monday.
Yeah that's totally fine with me.
>> I can't do that one.
>> Totally. And I think that's the
glamorous that's like the glamorous
thing that people look at as like
founders is like oh they get to go all
go do these things meet these people.
>> Oh yeah. Super glamorous being on a
train that much.
>> Yeah. But the the thing I meet cool
people look cool things. It's like
>> Totally. But I guess it's draining.
>> Yeah, it's draining. It's very draining.
I've got two kids, you know, it's all
draining and I do every bedtime and bath
time as well. So we like try and
triangulate how to still be home for
6:00 and all that stuff. Point being um
it became very clear to us that like he
was better to be the CEO role
>> and my role is I mean technically as
executive chairman doesn't really mean
anything at the moment. Interestingly,
in the last six months, main thing's
actually been being really involved in
the creative process. Um, because I've
really enjoyed that. Actually,
interestingly,
it's this weird thing where like when we
when we launched, I was doing all of the
copy, brand, marketing, coms, PR, the
newsletter, the socials, everything, all
myself. Um, the whole entire strategy
from start, the whole entire strategy
and the whole entire every job in it,
like from start to finish. I set up all
of our Clavio like you know like you
name it I did it. Um and over time
obviously delegating into like teams and
stuff and letting other people do those
different bits is great. Um I very
consciously stepped away from doing much
of the content after about year one
because and this is another thing I do
have strong opinions loosely held but
strong opinions that you don't want the
brand to be completely focused around
the founder. I actually think that this
is like uh
over time a net negative. Um and I
really understand the value of personal
brand and I understand why people do it
and I understand all of these things.
Like I really do. But over time I don't
think that's a valuable brand story
because it doesn't give the brand
independence of its own story. It's
almost lazy, right? It's like it's
obvious who your personality is, how you
think, how you feel, but the job is to
figure out how the brand is supposed to
make your customer feel. So if it's all
about you, you're not really taking
someone through the hero's journey of
like, you know, the customer is the
hero, you're not the hero. So I stepped
back from that for quite a few years and
did all these other roles in between,
right? You know, the everything but like
fundraising and community management and
all the brand and marketing work, still
just not the face of it. And then in the
last year started to do a little bit
more. and Nick, who's our marketing
director who you guys work with, we like
regularly point out that like my content
is like outperforming the ambassadors
that I'm spending [__] tons of time
negotiating.
>> Even our first campaign with you, your
your founders well the the objection
handling founder story was the uh
>> this is and this is the thing that's
interesting, right? Like
>> I'm not a data driven person. U that's
not my vibe. Like I'd rather [__]
kill myself. But Joel's very data
driven. Nick's very data driven. Um I'm
more of a vibes guy. Like I'll go and I
like to like enjoy spend time with
people, do the thing, turn up and just
wing it, but like wing it with good
energy and authenticity. Um I think
anything scripted is a bit painful
because like you know it should come
from a real place. And so I didn't have
strong opinions on like be being too
involved in the content or whatever, but
I want my company to win. So at the
point where there's two things
happening. One is that you know there's
data and insight that says actually Dan
is really useful for us that you do it
but also that I'm just one character
amongst many that we're using in a
diversified funnel for a brand. I'm
comfortable. If I'd have done this too
early I think we could have got into
that spot where it's a very founderled
brand like Tara Tala and Grace Beverly
or something like that. And I think that
that's that's that's a challenge on your
time, your capacity, but I think it's
also in general um you know, not a
healthy long-term strategy. If you look
to exit the company and you are the
company, then you're [__] So, I
didn't want that either, right? Like
like all entrepreneurs, like pretty much
the highest value I hold in life is
freedom. So, I didn't do this to create
like another cage for myself. So, you
got to really be careful where you
utilize yourself in the in the funnel.
and knowing that um my content really
works is exciting and motivating to me.
It makes me want to do more, but it also
helps me then sit in the funnel on the
other campaigns and pull out creative
ideas and insights for our ambassadors
on what works. So, that's really where
I'm spending most of my time at the
moment and next year is like in the
creative process cuz I find it super
fascinating. It sounds it sounds like
you have a lot of humility and don't
have an ego which I think is sometimes
what
>> I mean everyone has an ego but yeah
>> but in the
classic um but more from the sense of
like you are you will do what needs to
be done to win whether and you don't
have an ego from the perspective of I'm
bigger or better than that no
>> which I think is really really important
um and and interesting. Yeah, I
definitely think the founder founder is
a vehicle, right? It's a vehicle for a
message, not the whole identity. There
are edge cases layer in the strategy.
>> You mentioned Grace, Beverly, and Tyler.
I also relisted to a George Heaton
podcast yesterday and I just find
>> him as a founder and the way he's built
that business around his identity just
quite fascinating. Like I think he's
just such an edge case
>> where it's like the brand is him.
>> Totally.
>> I was thinking about that. I was
thinking about that the other day as
well, which is like
>> and you can't and
>> it's interesting like he he obviously
has an enormous ego and it's not an
insult at all. Like you have to have a
big ego to think I'm going to build an
entire brand around myself
>> cuz he's aspiration I guess.
>> Totally. Yeah. Yeah. And he's and I by
the way I buy represent cuz I rate
George Heaton.
>> So no shame when having an ego, right?
Like I trust him. I think he's cool. I
want to be cool. So I buy represent.
It's like really genuinely like it I'm
that basic. It works. It like it's a
strategy that works. The point is I
didn't want that strategy for myself.
Yeah. But I also don't think that's the
right thing in a like health space
either. Like it just isn't right. Like
again, we need Carol Vman to want to
invite me to her house and hang out and
and and look me in the eyes and feel
like she can trust me that this is right
for her as much as Grace Beverly,
another customer of ours or whatever,
and everyone in between without being
like, "This is Dan's journey, Dan's
story, whatever. If I do that, then I'm
just going to be getting men between 35
and 45."
>> Yeah. You're not basically it.
>> You're not selling a lifestyle
>> and each person
>> kind of that product is a is a crutch
for them in a different way. uh versus
like you say George Heaton which is
selling a lifestyle of living.
>> Yeah. And actually what I'm selling is
like the promise of that we do the
science research
>> and that you're never going to find like
you know uh like ambassadors talking
about our product that's all like fake
and paid. That's non obviously we pay
them but they're our real customers.
>> Yeah.
>> Nothing's going to be inauthentic. Like
that's what you're basically paying us
for is this like idea that we really
focus on the truth and the science and
have this aspiration to be the most
trusted brand in the whole of Europe in
this space. And I absolutely more
confident than ever that we're going to
get there. And I think that's always
been the the belief and how you win.
That's also why by the way when we
started we only had one product and the
goal was like before we make another
product that has to be the most
validated we can in the space too
because short-term that's pain we knew
it was going to be pain like actually
surprised we got even up to 5 million
with that strategy cuz I think that's
like a very slow start strategy
>> but 10ear strategy it's really obvious
that that is how you win and you know to
fair fair play to IM8 for example like
they come from prenetics which is a
company that had already had a lot data
and insight. And I know Danny, the
founder of that, because they were
talking about like maybe working with
Heights like in 2020 and I met him from
Hong Kong and he was a customer actually
of Heights in our first on Vital, our
first product. Um, and you know, the
reason that's working isn't just David
Beckham is that there is a lot of
scientific credibility behind their
actual story.
>> It's also their execution like they are.
We've broke we actually got him coming
on in January. We managed to get him on
the podcast cuz we did a massive
breakdown of
>> who? Danny. Oh, that was wicked.
>> Did a really big breakdown of their
marketing funnel like a hero board and
gave it away and he he commented saying
this is great. He sent me some mate
actually. It was both
>> and their execution quality funnel. They
went out the gate hard obviously.
>> He's he's [__] good entrepreneur.
>> Like he really really gets it.
>> Yeah. He executed every part of that
funnel purpose.
>> That's what I mean. Right. So like you
know again there's there's not many
brands in the space that will do that.
>> Yeah. You know, I I I quite rate IMA. I
[__] hate AG1 and think they're [__]
but like I absolutely you can't fault
their strategy. Like their business
acumen and their strategy, their
products, gash. But their strategy
>> absolutely
their I mean, I don't care who knows it.
It's true. It's just bloody true. But
their strategy and their business way of
doing things is absolutely second to
none.
>> It's beautiful, isn't it? One product.
>> Yeah. That's scaling to nine figures
with a single skew is
>> unbelievable. Unbelievable.
>> Um, we are
>> coming to the end of the episode, but I
did want to do a little segment
quickfire now before we finish up. You
did a LinkedIn post about December
reset.
>> Yeah.
>> And I want to ask you some of the
questions that you put into this post if
you're happy answering them.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh, so the first one, identify the habit
that quietly carried you this year.
>> Oh. Um, okay. So I do a word for the
year um every year um and as in a single
word as opposed to a resolution um and
that's been one of the most
game-changing things I've done. I've
done it for the last seven years and
this year's word was focus which seems
really obvious. And I and all of this
stuff is an interpretation of how you
apply it. Now my focus this year been
two things. One, do less and do it
better. and two on my body actually
because I've always hated my [__]
body and I've always wanted to change it
and do something about it. And the focus
thing on the body side has actually
meant that I have lost 10 well 11 kilos
um gained muscle mass, gained bone
density. I've done a DEXA scan every 3
months. I've done these things. I put I
booked pre- booked a DEXA scan every 3
months knowing I was going to do that. I
set myself a Saturday morning date every
single Saturday this whole entire year
to weigh myself and just like take my
like photos and stuff and just committed
to going to the gym four times a week
basically. And I've pretty much not
missed that at all all year. And as a
result I've gone from 26% body fat to
15% body fat. And I know this is like a
bit OTT on the answer but the reason I
did all that is a single thing which is
like focus and focus on body. this is my
goal. This is what I want. It's
achievable if I just don't try and do
too much and these are the things on the
focus side on business. Actually, one of
the reasons why it led to me shutting
down secret leaders as soon as that was
my goal, it feels really unauthentic to
run another company that's taking me
away from the focus of heights as it's
scaling so much. Right.
>> Yeah.
>> So, it also creates compromise where you
have to say, "All right, [__] I said I
was going to do this thing. Am I going
to make a really hard decision?" Yes.
>> Yeah. Our listeners will know that that
is literally all we've been talking
about this year. Focus. doing less
better and I think you know it's very
relevant coming into January with the
new year new me and everyone kind of
tries to build all of these new habits
and go from zero to 100 and as a result
everything by the 1st of Feb goes out
the window and it's it's true it's like
do less better and um therefore you you
you're more likely to succeed I think
it's a maturity in business I feel like
it's hard and you go through this early
early stage of growing a business
opportunity becomes more frequent you
tend to say Yes. More. There becomes an
inflection point where you start to
realize that it's actually doing the
opposite of that that drives the
results.
>> Totally. It's definitely maturity.
>> Yourself though.
>> Absolutely.
>> Say people can say it like you shouldn't
you shouldn't do that, you shouldn't do
that, but you're just going to just
going to do it and you're going to [__]
up and you're going to be like should
have done that.
>> It was literally the the inflection
point in in my agency. Like we went from
doing six different services to lots of
different types of ICPs to just doing
one ICP, one service. And that that was
what grew our business.
>> It doesn't surprise me. Yeah.
>> It's annoying, isn't it? Cuz actually
everyone this is not you know this be
the millionth time someone's heard this
one.
>> But you never know but you never know if
it's the moment that strikes someone as
being like oh [__] it I will commit to
that. Do you finally commit to it? You
learn that it is true.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Okay. The second
one. What drained you more than it gave
back?
>> Uh definitely doing what you're doing
right now podcasting.
>> Yeah. In the end. In the end. Um and I
think one of the reasons for that was um
I as I was saying earlier right like got
to follow your curiosity. I think I sort
of like partly also just fell out of
love with it. Um I am you know not as
obsessed and interested in what everyone
else is doing in their business nowadays
as I am in like philosophy and like I
just other things
>> right and so with a breath of interest
as opposed to when I started when I was
just laser focused interested in
business all the time. Um, as a result
of that, I felt like I was sitting in an
inauthentic place. And if you do
anything that feels inauthentic to you
anymore, it is very draining.
>> Yeah. And final one, what kind of days
do you want more next year?
>> Writer days. God, obviously.
>> Um,
>> record sales.
>> Yeah, exactly. Record sales days. I
mean, you know, deep down that's
obviously the answer,
let's be honest. Um, do you know what? I
I've got myself into a really really
just great process by this focus thing
figuring out the things so many obvious
things um but just figuring out you know
commitment to who's doing what childare
on what days and on the days I'm not
doing childare right this is how my day
works you know on those days I wake up
at 6:00 head to the gym I've done
everything before work starts I'm home
by 600 I've done my exercise you know I
just commit to going to bed early the
night before some very obvious things
and they sound really quite boring but
actually they are the things that have
made me feel like my [__] is properly
together. Um, and so, uh, I actually
want more of exactly the same days I've
already cultivated this year.
>> Nice.
>> Yeah.
>> Final question. What What big things do
you what what does 2026 look like for
heights?
>> Um, so honestly like my main main thing
is this, you know, RCTs, randomized
control studies, um, or trials. Um
the like in all of the things, the
number one thing I care about more than
anything is that it's just getting
evidence because I'm so bullish on our
products. I know exactly the process
that we go through. We've done trials on
everything, by the way. Like and we
always do and the trials come back
amazing. But there's always some on the
internet who's like, "It's not
randomized control placebo double
blind." And you're like because no
because no one [__] does that.
>> I don't even know what that means.
>> It's half a million. Well, this is the
thing. But it's like I am that petty
that I'm like I will find that that
comments that [__] I did it the other
day. I literally
>> I I I I argued down an internet troll
the other day. He like him and I
basically ended up being like well well
fair play to you two
on one on one of my ads on one of my ads
for sure. He was just [__] trolling
like and all the comments and stuff and
I basically responded to all of them um
with the evidence and everything else.
He was telling me like where how [__]
our product is where it's from. I'm like
you're you're literally wrong. This is
where it's from. Here's the certificate.
Here's the link. Because I take such
great pride in the fact that genuinely
our products are the best. And the
annoying thing about retail is you you
really can't tell that story. Like I
said, there just like you just have to
put on a supplement label and it has to
just say the same claims as everyone
else. You can't do a job of
storytelling. But on the internet where
you can at least explain yourself and
you have put all the effort in and you
can link back to the pages and the
trials and the evidence, I am petty
enough to make sure that people
genuinely know that if they're taking
heights or even considering heights,
it's the best product in the world. So
these trials like genuinely are the
thing that I care about more than
anything else. And I think it's because
I believe that the way that we get a
100,000 customers, the way that we get a
million customers is that like I
fundamentally think that that is the
cornerstone to everything. If you know
you have the best product, there's very
little reason left for people not to
choose you.
>> Yeah. And you can tell that through I
think you've had over 250 clinical
studies um which is crazy. You never see
that with supplement brands. Well, Dan,
thank you so much for coming on today.
It's been uh it's been a pleasure. Been
really enjoyable. Where can people find
you? You can find me on social ranting
about quality um at uh Dan Murray S um
on uh Instagram, LinkedIn, and uh if you
are nuts enough then Twitter.
>> Yeah.
>> All the heights ad comments.
>> Or the heights ad comment. Yeah. I mean
I'm I'm on them. I'm on them for sure.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. Thank you.
>> You're like, "Oh, this one's got like
300 comment." All right. 290 of them are
down. I
>> Thank you. Yeah. Thank you very much for
coming on. It's been a pleasure.
>> Thanks, guys. Cool. See you in the next
episode.